hello hey hello hey slow hey I mean for
sure co as a spy one of my favorite
servers it's a fun time to be a kid in
the sport of surfing you know I was
blessed enough to work for oakley I
started working there one close like
seven years old so he was like the team
manager for Oakley he was paid to go to
all these places and I would go with
them and watch all the best guys surf
and serve all the best wave so I would
say definitely helped develop my surfing
for his age he's for sure the most
well-traveled sir forever it's been a
long process this you know trying to
help develop a young surfer and there's
also that question of you know being an
overbearing parent or coach and too much
information and you have to let the kid
go through these things himself so that
balance is is important you want I think
you want your dad to be your best friend
and your ally no matter what you can't
be the guy putting all that stress on
him when it first started I Hughes this
is everything you know my friend my dad
my coach my manager but yeah it's slowly
evolved and now I just my dad my friend
the good thing about where Chloe is
right now is he's got a great team of
people around him I have a good friend
my Parsons who's pretty much probably
exactly opposite of me in some of the
ways how we think in Dino's case d knows
for sure in my opinion the best
technical coach I've ever seen like with
what he tells Chloe like snips helped me
a lot set me aside like about you know
an hour before the final and just we
just watch the waves for about 30
minutes and he's told me a couple really
key things I think helped me a lot this
year I just sort of was trying to say
listen you know you know visualize
yourself winning this here's let's
figure out right now how you're going to
wind up on the two best waves because
you're surfing is there if you compete
well in this heat and and you figure out
right now a plan
and you execute it you're going to win
and you know he went out it did that I
was in five divisions so I gave me a lot
of chances you know to have to have bad
heats d knows way more nervous he's a
wreckling close out there I definitely
think the part that takes over most of
his body when I'm gonna he is like
nervous he just gets so nervous
I know there's about two minutes left
and I was I was watching him on the
beach is pacing like back and forth
looking at the time and now that's what
I was doing but he was his doing it like
his Collins tapes even though they were
like 15 feet away like you know there's
so much time left and steps is just
because snips is really no relax he's
like dude he's got he had a 16-point 12
votes gonna be pretty hard to beat and
the ways actually just went flat so that
was good and I was just watching him and
he's see when the clock was like there's
like 10 seconds left he was so sad like
just running over you know it's
emotional you know it's it's it's been a
long lot of work and a lot of you know a
lot of sacrifice for him and you know
and he's got a long ways to go still but
you know a lot of people are expecting
things out of them and you know any he's
been able to answer answer the call for
me knowing how bad he wants it and
actually see him achieve a goal like
that is you know not even measurable
yeah well one of my goals was to deep
all these are here didn't I did that and
I want to open that isn't it I did that
and maybe do then is a next year it's
such a fun of him and I was kind of just
slowly like fading away from it but then
I came back Nationals and the laser
pumping everyone's reppin it's just it's
a sick event so I'm cool always been
really good at that he's been able to to
still be a kid and he knows been d no
Tina have been epic about letting him do
that you know he's he's uh he wants to
be the best surfer in the world that's
obvious he's on that track e that's his
that's his mindset and now he's
obviously the point where he wants to
serve like Dane Reynolds Jordy and then
a style of Fanning i mean that's that's
where his vision is that that high of a
level of how he wasn't server wave i
love something so much you know it's
given me a lot in it I loved riffin you
know when it's one foot blown out or
when it's you know six foot barreling
down the point of beach bakes or
whatever I just love it all
you